Once you join the military then you're a part of a group that really wants you
to succeed, especially educationally. So we have this thing
called tuition assistance, it provides you $2,500 per month, actually
$2,500 in one year to take any community college class that you want.
We also have the Montgomery GI Bill, which was changed to the 9-11
educational benefit for people who have served and who get out of
the military and want to continue on their, continue their education.
You can use it while in the military but it's kind of a waste because
they don't give you as much as people who get out actually get. There's
also Ihis thing called CLEP (College-Level Examination Program)
it's basically they allow you to take some courses that provide
community college course credit, that's specifically for the military,
and many of those CLEP courses are free. So you can actually like
work towards your college degree with those CLEP courses for like
while you're on deployment, which is when you're out fighting a war for
six months, or when you're back home on shore during your off time.
You can also like do some kind of online community college courses or
you can take university courses. They provide lots of veterans
benefits, maybe free benefits that you can take the class or a reduced
price.